Phase 0 Parameters in CTP, fix name of coverpoint (#852)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-arch-test: README.md

- `RVMODEL_DATA_SECTION`
- `RVMODEL_BOOT`

> **Timer Macros**: Can be left blank if timer is not tested.

Reviewer: This is more consistent with how we phrased the other macros. We should always be testing it if it is supported.

```suggestion
**Timer Macros**: Can be left blank if `mtime` is not supported.
```
